What exactly do you want?
A murderer like you
How could you be released so early?
Wasn’t your sentence supposed to end in a year?
My sentence was reduced
Reduced?
My daughter’s bones aren’t even cold yet
What gives you the right to get a sentence reduction?
Someone like you
Should have spent your life behind bars
Shen Yu
I’m also a mother
I also have a child
It’s been six years
You miss your daughter
Do you think I don’t miss my son?
I just wanted to be released
and reunite with my son
Is that wrong?
Reunite?
Reunite, you say?
Then tell me...
Where can I go to reunite with my daughter!?
In heaven, maybe?
What if Shen Yu knew
her daughter was murdered
Could she bear it?
Ye Ci, you know what?
My daughter’s name was Jiang Tai
But because of you
Her future was stolen from her
(*) Her name and the word 'future' are homophones in Chinese
I’m so sorry, so sorry
I’m sorry
She no longer had a future
I'm truly sorry, truly sorry